shades Valley opened up its promising
2014 season with the end of spring
drills on Thursday with a scrimmage
against McAdory Rashad knew he was there
Keith Mixon was there so was big man
Doron paying a five-star but this night
would be Keith mix-ins night the
reigning 2013 Birmingham News Metro
Offensive Player of the Year finished
2013 with 35 touchdowns and picked up
right where he left off that's the catch
with a quick slant right there from
Rashad Louie his buddy threw for more
than 50 touchdowns the last two years
and then look at the shades valley
defense that group has shown a lot of
progress during the spring despite just
seven spring practices here's the new
wrinkle Louie at wide receiver he's got
hands he's got moves that opens up
everything considering the potential of
claude newell back there at quarterback
look at that decision look at that arm
this play was called back but the
versatility in the shades Valley offense
will give defensive coordinators a lot
to prepare for if they can get Louie on
one side and Mixon on the other in space
McAdory comes with its patented speed
sweep there were some glimpses but this
as we said before was keep mix-ins night
here's a 70 yard jolt right here for its
second touchdown this young man amassed
29 hundred yards and all-purpose yardage
last season averaging 14 point nine
yards every time he touched the ball and
then look at that
that's another pitch from Louie this is
another 70 plus yard score right there
Mik said they call them dirty Red House
four touchdowns on
day and a spring scrimmage against
McAdory Louie is still a terrific play
maker at quarterback but that new legal
showing him at receiver gives a lot of
fangs to an already potent shades Valley
offense McAdory got a little bit going
against shades valley but this was the
mountains all the way 36 to nothing
shows valley no I just made one click to
the outside he's outran everybody else
you got - the season this year
hoho every team in our reason was here
tonight so everybody want to be say
another not how do you think shades
Valley can handle being that hype team a
hundred team you try to stay home we
don't target the big kid you kind of
crazies just like everybody else to come
work this time to page we have couple
parents throughout from the injuries
look for the Manny's to be highly ranked
when the 6a polls come out ahead of the
most anticipated shades valley season in
maybe 20 years frail calm this is Jeff's
Intel